
*What did you learn about CSS padding, borders, and margin by doing this challenge?*
Ans: I learned that it's extrememly important to layout your work properly when wireframing. I will certainly be using a grid going forward to minimize the amount of styling necessary for the site look how I intended. I tried to stay consistent with the padding I used on my site, so it looked consistent from page to page. For borders I learned that it was easier to style an element if you start with a 1px solid border so you can see how the page is interpretting the element. Margin was most difficult for me to work with because of the various properties you could use (margin, margin-top, margin-left, etc) and values (px, em, %).
*What did you learn about CSS positioning?*
Ans: I learned to use the relative value frequently so that the site will adjust properly to various screen sizes. I always knew I was in trouble with my CSS when I minimized the screen and it did not format automatically. I'm still learning how to use fixed and absolute. This is a subject that will take me some time to fully understand.
*What aspects of your design did you find easiest to implement? What was most difficult?*
Ans: I found working with text to be very easy. Working with images and nav/footer placeement was most challenging to me. I wanted the images to be centered, but had a difficult time doing that without some margin/padding "hacks". Of course, this only made it more difficult when trying to format for a smaller screen :) I also had a hard time figuring out how to adjust the size of the nav for a small screen and also how to keep the footer at the bottom.
*What did you learn about adding and formatting elements with CSS in this challenge?*
Ans: I learned that less is more when it comes to styling. Next time I'll spend more time planning and designing the site. I would keep the styling elements similar from page to page and would make sure I use a grid when laying everything out. Then when it's time for development, I would use a default stylesheet for everything except what's in the main content area.